Docs update (#25)
beaker/docs: docs/start/experiment.md

For these instructions to work, you must have completed [installing Beaker](install.md). When installed:

> 1. From the existing [MNIST example](https://beaker.org/ex/ex_xf0w8hlbdpl6/spec) experiment page on Beaker.org, click the **Spec** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the existing [MNIST example](https://beaker.org/ex/ex_xf0w8hlbdpl6experiment page on Beaker.org, click the **Spec** tab.
```

We could also update the text to say `Go to the MNIST example spec page` and link directly to the spec.

Author: yeah that's true. I directly linked there anyway, so I'll delete the whole 'click on the ... tab' stuff. Good idea!

Author: done
